# TSI-AISolutions
This repository contains details of the Microsoft Tech for Social Impact AI Solutions Project, a joint venture between Microsoft and threshold.world.

## Solution 1: Drafting a Fundraising Proposal 
Fundraisers can reach more prospective donors by quickly drafting personalized fundraising proposals with OpenAI in the Microsoft Cloud for Nonprofit. 

The AI solution will enable fundraising users to click a button that will draft a fundraising proposal based on the context of an opportunity and related data including Account/Contact, Designation(s), and Preference(s)

## Solution 2: Grant Request Summary
Grant managers can accelerate grant review processes by quickly summarizing grant requests with OpenAI in the Microsoft Cloud for Nonprofit.  ​

With the click of a button, grant managers can generate a summary of grant requests that can be edited and shared with grant reviewers. The request summary is generated by Open AI based on the context of each request, the requester’s profile, and request reviews in the Microsoft Cloud for Nonprofit.  

## Solution 3: Write Gift Acknowledgement
Thanking donors is the cornerstone of good donor stewardship. With this Open AI solution in the Microsoft Cloud for Nonprofit, donors can generate, customize, and send targeted gift acknowledgements to donors to thank them for their contributions to your mission. 

With the click of a button, fundraisers can generate a draft acknowledgement email or letter that can be edited and sent to donors. The draft acknowledgement is generated by Open AI based on the context of a transaction, a donor’s profile, taxable amounts, and designated funds in the Microsoft Cloud for Nonprofit.  

## Solution 4: Case Management Response Assistant
The Case Management Response Assistant increases frontline case manager capacity for client collaboration by facilitating the initial case intake process. ​
With the click of a button, case managers can generate a draft, personalized intake response to accelerate the intake process based on client needs. The draft intake response is generated by Open AI in the Microsoft Cloud for Nonprofit based on the context and priority of a case, the related client profile, and the client’s expressed needs.  ​
